#### The discovery of penicilin
Nowadays, we use Penicilin pretty frequently, without even thinking about its origins. The fact is that Penicilin was discovered some time ago, more specifically, after the war, mostly with soldiers developing infections originating from their wounds. 

With massive deaths, scientists had to put their hands on finding out an effective solution for it. The Scottish physician Alexander Flaming, on its search, found out by accident, when cleaning one of his culture plates, a fungus colony, which was killing and repelling the studied viruses. 
Based on this observation, Flaming carried on to testing it, but sadly without achieving any successful results, he abandoned the project.

Later, other scientists got back on Fleming's track. When finally achieving promising results and testing the new drug on mice, they could proceed to human testing. 

The drug, initially called Penicilin by Fleming, became one of the biggest achievements in science, saving millions of lives, not only at the time, but still nowadays.

One of the initial recipients used by Fleming and kept by one of his descendants, and has been recently sold on an auction event, for 12 000 pounds or around 14 000 dollars.

#### Self selected subject (NLP A.I.'s research baulking)
We've all played with it, the famous ChatGPT, an absolutely astonishing product of thorough research, it can go from: simply helping you find out the average price of your favorite chocolate in supermarkets, to reading and analyzing complex papers and taking conclusions out of them.
And with the development of newer versions, with even more knowledge and power, some people, are starting to increase its worry on it.

