## D
1)  It has been snowing for a week.
2) Our friends are in London since Tuesday
3) Since when has your mother been sick?
4) It has been 3 weeks since they came to see us.
5) We have had this dog for two years.
6) She has been writing letters since tea time.
7) He has been playing the piano for two hours.
8) I have known your parents for a long time.
9) I met them 10 years ago. - I've known them for 10 year.
10) It has been months since I've been to the cinema.
11) It has been a couple of months since his grand-father died.
12) Since when have the Morgans lived at Newport?
13) It has been 5 years since I played checkers for the last time.
14) I saw my friends five times since they got back from the U.S.
15) We stayed in N.Y. a couple years ago

## Anti-ageing gene
Scientists have been constantly searching ways on how to mitigate diseases and recently they found a new way to do it: by modifying the human genome. This new technology consists of modifying or developing human genome sequences, which can either modify the body's behaviour and shape, as well as designing a full human body. However, people think that this could pose a threat to humanity, by questioning its ethicality. Leading us to the following: can we accept the vision of a healthier future or should we be worried of it? 
With that though in mind, we will develop a first argument on how this new technology could be used for good and then, in a second stance, where could it bring us harm.

In first stance, let's imagine an ethical world, where everything goes right and there are no problems, the solutions presented on both "Future Hope Or Dangerous Science" and "Scientist probe anti-ageing gene" could help humans a lot. We could save people that suffer from death threatening diseases, as cancer, or diabetes. We could also prolong human life, giving us time to do things we love and/or have more moments with loved ones.

However, things don't always turn the right way. We could question ourselves, what if, companies that produced such technologies, set costs, which only the financially prosperous  would have access to? In that case, only a limited part of the population would live the so called "dream" of living longer and having no trouble with diseases. Then we could even compare this to the movie "Elysium", where the poor live in inhuman conditioned earth and wealthy in a "dream" spaceship. In a similar way, what if these technologies bring us more harm than solutions. harming humans, just as the anti-ageing gene quoted on "Scientist probe anti-ageing gene" could possibly cause diabetes.
